hi friends in this video I'm going to
show you how to make a round chapati out
of the whole wheat flour dough which I
have already made so here I have taken a
small portion out of earth and tried to
make it a round in shape in between
would the palms press it and dip it in
dry whole wheat flour and remove the
excess a flower from the dough and using
the rolling pin try to make it in round
in shape slowly try to make rounded
shape
don't press in the middle portion try to
make it round from the sides and remove
excess dry flour by flipping it's not
the size hope you like this video if you
like this video please don't forget to
press thumbs up